Cole-Anticevic Brain-wide Network Partition version 1.0 (CAB-NP v1.0),
Release 1.0 (c) 2018, Rutgers University & Yale University (the "Software")

The Software remains the shared property of Rutgers University and Yale University ("the University").

The Software is distributed "AS IS" under this License solely for
non-commercial use in the hope that it will be useful, but in order
that the University as a charitable foundation protects its assets for
the benefit of its educational and research purposes, the University
makes clear that no condition is made or to be implied, nor is any
warranty given or to be implied, as to the accuracy of the Software,
or that it will be suitable for any particular purpose or for use
under any specific conditions. Furthermore, the University disclaims
all responsibility for the use which is made of the Software. It
further disclaims any liability for the outcomes arising from using
the Software.

The Licensee agrees to indemnify the University and hold the
University harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and
liabilities asserted by third parties (including claims for
negligence) which arise directly or indirectly from the use of the
Software or the sale of any products based on the Software.

No part of the Software may be reproduced, modified, transmitted or
transferred in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical,
without the express permission of the University. The permission of
the University is not required if the said reproduction, modification,
transmission or transference is done without financial return, the
conditions of this License are imposed upon the receiver of the
product, and all original and amended source code is included in any
transmitted product. You may be held legally responsible for any
copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by your failure to
abide by these terms and conditions.

You are not permitted under this License to use this Software
commercially. Use for which any financial return is received shall be
defined as commercial use, and includes (1) integration of all or part
of the source code or the Software into a product for sale or license
by or on behalf of Licensee to third parties or (2) use of the
Software or any derivative of it for research with the final aim of
developing software products for sale or license to a third party or
(3) use of the Software or any derivative of it for research with the
final aim of developing non-software products for sale or license to a
third party, or (4) use of the Software to provide any service to an
external organization for which payment is received. If you are
interested in using the Software commercially, please contact Yale
University Office of Cooperative Research (OCR) or Rutgers University
Office of Research Commercialization (ORC), the technology transfer
company of the University, to negotiate a license. Contact details are:
Michael W. Cole (michael.cole@rutgers.edu) and Alan Anticevic (alan.anticevic@yale.edu)
